23890098	Shlykov, a hard-working taxi driver and Lyosha, a saxophonist, develop a bizarre love-hate relationship, and despite their prejudices, realize they aren't so different after all.
31186339	The nation of Panem consists of a wealthy Capitol and twelve poorer districts. As punishment for a past rebellion, each district must provide a boy and girl  between the ages of 12 and 18 selected by lottery  for the annual Hunger Games. The tributes must fight to the death in an arena; the sole survivor is rewarded with fame and wealth. In her first Reaping, 12-year-old Primrose Everdeen is chosen from District 12. Her older sister Katniss volunteers to take her place.
20663735	Poovalli Induchoodan  is sentenced for six years prison life for murdering his classmate. Induchoodan, the only son of Justice Maranchery Karunakara Menon  was framed in the case by Manapally Madhavan Nambiar  and his crony DYSP Sankaranarayanan  to take revenge on idealist judge Menon who had earlier given jail sentence to Manapally in a corruption case. Induchoodan, who had achieved top rank in Indian Civil Service loses the post and Manapally Sudheeran ([[Saikumar  enters the list of civil service trainees. We learn in flashback that it was Ramakrishnan  the son of Moopil Nair , who had actually killed his classmate. Six years passes by and Manapally Madhavan Nambiar, now a former state minister, is dead and Induchoodan, who is all rage at the gross injustice meted out to him - thus destroying his promising life, is released from prison.
2231378	The Lemon Drop Kid , a New York City swindler, is illegally touting horses at a Florida racetrack. After several successful hustles, the Kid comes across a beautiful, but gullible, woman intending to bet a lot of money. The Kid convinces her to switch her bet, employing a prefabricated con. Unfortunately for the Kid, the woman "belongs" to notorious gangster Moose Moran , as does the money. The Kid's choice finishes dead last and a furious Moran demands the Kid provide him with $10,000  by Christmas Eve, or the Kid "won't make it to New Year's.
595909	Seventh-day Adventist Church pastor Michael Chamberlain, his wife Lindy, their two sons, and their nine-week-old daughter Azaria are on a camping holiday in the Outback. With the baby sleeping in their tent, the family is enjoying a barbecue with their fellow campers when a cry is heard. Lindy returns to the tent to check on Azaria and is certain she sees a dingo with something in its mouth running off as she approaches. When she discovers the infant is missing, everyone joins forces to search for her, without success. It is assumed what Lindy saw was the animal carrying off the child, and a subsequent inquest rules her account of events is true.
5272176	The president is on his way to give a speech. While he is traveling there a man shows up with a camera. A reporter tries to ask a member of the secret service a question. When the president enters he is shot by the man with the camera. The president's main bodyguard, Alex Thomas , is grazed by the bullet that hits the president.
1952976	{{plot}} The film opens in 1974, as a young girl, Dahlia, stands outside after school in the rain, waiting for her mother. Flash forward to 2005, we see a grown-up Dahlia  in the midst of a bitter mediation with ex-husband, Kyle , over custody of their daughter, Cecilia . Kyle wants Cecilia to live closer to his apartment in Jersey City, but Dahlia wants to move to Roosevelt Island, where she has found a good school. Kyle threatens to sue for full custody because he feels the distance is too great. He also claims that Dahlia is "mentally unstable.
24225279	The story begins with Hannah, a young Jewish teen, as she is completing her senior year of high school. Her small neighborhood in Brooklyn is falling apart and SING! is one of the only traditions keeping the neighborhood alive. Newly arrived teacher, Miss Lombardo grew up in the neighborhood but returned to be their Sing Leader. One cold Christmas night, Miss Lombardo is leaving a neighborhood party when a young man hails her a cab, then attempts to mug her. In self defense, she bites his hand to release his grip and he screams in pain and terror, quickly making an exit.
2462689	Infuriated at being told to write one final column after being laid off from her newspaper job, Ann Mitchell  prints a letter from a fictional unemployed "John Doe" threatening suicide on Christmas Eve in protest of society's ills. When the note causes a sensation and the paper's competition suspects a fraud and starts to investigate, the newspaper editor rehires Mitchell who comes up with a scheme of hiding the fictional nature of "John Doe" while exploiting the sensation caused by the fake letter to boost the newspaper's sales, for which she demands a bonus equal to 8 months' pay. After reviewing a number of derelicts who have shown up at the paper claiming to have penned the original suicide letter, Mitchell and editor Henry Connell  hire John Willoughby , a former baseball player and tramp who is in need of money to repair his injured arm, to play John Doe. Mitchell now starts to pen an article series in Doe's name, elaborating on the letter's ideas of society's disregard of people in need. Willoughby gets $50, a new suit of clothes, and a plush hotel suite with his tramp friend , who launches into an extended diatribe against "the heelots", lots of heels who incessantly focus on getting money from others.
20532852	A line of people  drool at the window of the shop of market butcher Buzz Buzzard. A short series of gags ensues about how Buzz dishonestly  "jacks" up all his prices. Since Woody is broke as usual, he sneaks in and gets thrown out by Buzz. On the way out, Woody collides with a bottle of invisible ink and turns partially invisible. Buzz can only see parts of Woody's body, and, in a somewhat gruesome scene, thinks that he's been dismembered, so he sweeps him into a trap door to get rid of him.
15401493	Lola  attempts to gain her father's trust fund  by hiring a Hispanic husband, Bo , offering him $100,000 per year if he marries her. Bo accepts, and then departs from his Texas home and returns with Lola to her home in New Mexico. Lola finds out he is in fact Caucasian. Lola's best friend, Nina , and Bo's brother  join the trip, as does Bo's girlfriend, Nikki , and her clumsy friend, Dotty , in secret. When introduced to Bo, Lola's father, Victor , refuses to allow them to get married, until Bo convinces him by playing an antique guitar.
18188932	Milan and Goran are two criminals who smuggle illegal immigrants. One night after they complete a smuggle, they discover that one of the immigrants has left a baby behind. Milan and Goran decide to sell the baby to Lubos and Eman, who are responsible for running an illegal baby adoption center. Lubos and Eman make attempts to sell the baby to Miluska and Frantisek, a barren couple. Concurrently a university professor is diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor, setting into action a complicated train of family reunions, partings, and conflicts.
2940516	Bumbling pirate crewman  kills his captain after learning where he has hidden buried treasure. However as he begins to lose his memory, he relies more and more on the ghost of the man he's murdered to help him find the treasure. This film provided a reunion of sorts for Sellers with his onetime Goon Show colleague Spike Milligan, who appears halfway through the film.
1335380	The film is based on the events that happened on the ship Exodus in 1947 as well as events dealing with the founding of the state of Israel in 1948. Nurse Katherine "Kitty" Fremont  is an American volunteer at the Karaolos internment camp on Cyprus, where thousands of Jews - Holocaust survivors - are being held by the British, who won't let them go to Palestine. They anxiously wait for the day they will be liberated. Ari Ben Canaan , a Hagannah rebel who previously was a captain in the Jewish Brigade of the British Army in the Second World War, obtains a cargo ship and smuggles 611 Jewish inmates out of the camp for an illegal voyage to Mandate Palestine before being discovered by military authorities. When the British find out that the refugees are in a ship in the harbor of Famagusta, they blockade it.
1480747	{{plot}} Following the sudden death of Kid's father "Pop" the local church has donated a scholarship fund to Kid so that he can go to college. Play now drives a sports car called "Foreplay" and is the manager of a record store. He attracts the attention of music producer Shelia Landreaux whose talent scout Rick spotted Kid N' Play performing at a community center. Shelia is willing to help finance Kid N'Play's demo session if they can commit to taking the act to the top of the charts. Kid however immediately backs out because he can't commit to the act and go to school, causing a rift between the two friends.
24448645	Despite Lucy's reservations, she agrees to her husband’s request to attend a wild party of lust and sexual exploration on a remote island. Their passion soon turns to terror when they discover that one of the group has disappeared. Some start to believe there is something evil lurking in the forest while others begin to suspect each other. Lucy's biggest fear was that the weekend could ruin her marriage, she didn't realize it could cost her her life too.
15072401	Alan Colby, heir to a vast fortune, reappears after a seven year absence, only to be murdered before he can claim his inheritance. The Lowells have been living off the Colby fortune, and now someone is trying to kill Henrietta Lowell, matriarch of the family. Among the suspects are: *Fred and Janice Gage, who live off the Lowell  fortune, which would have gone to Alan Colby, the murdered man *Prof. Bowen, who is paid handsomely by the Lowells for his valuable psychic research *Mr. Phelps, the executor of the Lowell estate *Ulrich, who had a longstanding grudge against Alan Colby *Henrietta Lowell, who wants to continue psychic research
4018288	Debbie's favorite band is Dream Street, and her favorite member is Chris Trousdale. When Chris gets a fever while travelling on the Dream Street tour, in a haze, he strays away and ends up in Debbie's bed, much to the shock of his "Biggest Fan," who thinks she's in heaven. Debbie proposes that Chris stay with her and he agrees. So, over the week they spend time together and she secretly hides him so he can escape the pressures of being a pop star for a little while. Chris even attends high school with Debbie, while disguised as a nerd. Meanwhile, the band's managers are going crazy at the loss of the star, thinking he has been kidnapped. At the end of the week Debbie and Chris  go to her high school prom where two jealous popular girls figure out Chris's true identity and tell the police about Chris's whereabouts, splitting him and Debbie up. They are eventually reunited on stage at a concert, ending in a sweet, final kiss and a performance by Dream Street.
4596602	Ashes to Ashes is set in London, England. The film is a surreal journey into the dreams and misadventures of Gabriel Darbeaux a young screenwriter and martial arts enthusiast who supplements his income by escorting wealthy women. We are introduced to Gabriel’s character as he is chased and cornered by a group of Triad thugs armed with swords, sticks and nunchaku. Using his own nunchaku Gabriel manages to fight off the thugs only to find that the whole episode was an early morning dream. The dream provides inspiration for the opening scene of his latest screenplay entitled ‘Ashes to Ashes’ a thriller involving the Italian Mafia, Chinese Triads and a generous amount of martial arts action.
15224586	The film follows the experience of Vietnamese refugees in the United States immediately following the Fall of Saigon at the end of the Vietnam War. Tai Tran  has been appointed the camp translator by Gunnery Sgt. Jim Lance . He has arrived with his sister's two young children. Their mother is believed to have been lost in the rush to leave Vietnam.
15585766	Three friends are droving cattle in Australia in 1939: the restless Bluey Donkin, easy-going Milo Trent and English Peter Linton, who is in the country on a working holiday. Squatter's daughter Kate Carmody is in love with Bluey but he refuses to be tied down to any one woman. War is breaks out and the three men enlist in the Australian army and are assigned to the 9th Division. They ship out to Africa. After early successes against the Italian army, the army is besieged in Tobruk.
1760737	Set in a lonely city on a rainy night, the film takes place in a bicycle shop  that is closed for the night. In the corner of the shop sleeps Red, a red unicycle who languishes in the "clearance corner", waiting to be purchased. As the camera zooms on him, the sound of rain falling turns into a drumroll, and we go into the dream-sequence. In his dream, Red is being ridden by a circus clown  as part of a juggling act. The clown enters the ring, accompanied by a fanfare, expecting a huge applause, but instead receives only a few scattered claps from different parts of the  audience.
29062594	A group of teenagers at Catholic boarding school in the provinces spend their time trying to adapt to the demands of the priest in charge of the school while discovering life with their adventures and pains. It presents the romantic and sexual initiation of the group of adolescent boys and their problems.
29326153	The film follows the lives of several West Point cadet classmates who find themselves on opposite sides of the war. The film also follows the adventures of Lucius the slave escaping via the underground railroad to freedom with the film cutting between the First Battle of Bull Run and the birth of a Lucius' child born in slavery.
9252321	This story of a Zulu family is a composite story of events enacted by Africans whose experiences resembled the story’s events. Forced out of his village by famine, Zachariah leaves his family to take the only work available: in the gold mines near Johannesburg. Seeking better than a slave wage, he settles with his wife and children in a bleak room in a crumbling shack on the outskirts of the city. Here he confronts the pass laws – hundreds of laws which he did not know existed – restricting his every move: he cannot find work without a pass, and he cannot get a pass without work. At the same time he is constantly threatened with banishment or imprisonment if he is unemployed too long, or fails to comply with petty restrictions.
8388648	The film opens with Madhav  and Sreenu  playing a football cup final in Kolkata. Madhav and Sreenu are best friends, football players, and neighbours. Subsequently, the team wins the cup. A mishap happens when Sreenu tries to save Madhav from an accident. Madhav escapes with minor injuries, but Sreenu loses his leg.
10644072	A villager new to the big city – Bhagwaan  – turns to crime to avoid starvation. He is drawn into the gang of slum crime lord ‘dada’ Shambu  where he falls into every crime but one: violence against women. When an impoverished but honourable young widow hangs herself after being raped by Shambu Dada, the cries of her orphaned baby awaken Bhagwaan’s soul. He rebels against his former master. Bhagwaan vows to atone for his formerly evil life, and adopts the orphaned baby as his own son.
13455076	The Stooges play three sets of identical triplets, born one year apart. All nine brothers lose track of each other after World War II, unaware that they are all living in the same city. One set  is single, one  is married, and the other  is engaged. Trouble brews when the engaged set of brothers decided to celebrate at a local nightclub. Before they arrive, the unmarried set show up, followed by the fiancees of their brothers.
33269085	Ranchhod Rai Patel  is an egotistical and arrogant self-made Gujarati man who arrived from India and settled in the New York area years ago. He started his career cleaning latrines and dirty clothes, then moved on to working in a restaurant, saving enough money to own one, and then finally owned twelve. He became an extremely successful real-estate magnate, à la Donald Trump and was so big-headed that started calling himself THE Roger Patel. He got married to a woman named Kamla and they were soon proud parents of two lovely daughters, Namrata and Ritu. When the girls are grown, the overprotective Roger arranges a marriage for Namrata with a property owner, a professional Patel man named Prem.
2254491	Preetam , a struggling cartoonist, meets Anita  at a tennis match, where she is watching her favorite tennis star. Anita, a wealthy and westernized heiress is controlled by her feminist aunt, Sita Devi . Sita is suspicious of men, and cultivates her attitudes in Anita. However, to receive her fortune, her father's will decrees that Anita must marry within one month of turning 21. Sita Devi doesn't agree with this, and tries to set Anita up with a sham marriage which will soon lead to divorce, thereby giving her both freedom and a fortune.
447194	Samson, a Hebrew placed under Nazirite vows from birth by his mother, is engaged to a Philistine woman named Semadar. At their engagement, Samson loses a bet with his wedding guests  and attacks thirty Philistines to strip them of their cloaks to pay his betting debt. When his deeds become known, Semadar is killed during their wedding feast; Samson becomes a hunted man and in his fury he begins fighting the Philistines. The Saran of Gaza  imposes heavy taxes on the Dannites, with the purpose of having Samson betrayed by his own people. Saran's plan works, and frustrated Dannites hand over Samson to the Philistines, much to the joy of Delilah, Semadar's sister.
24165951	A soldier-of-fortune steals some Russian nerve gas from Afghanistan, and brings it to the U.S. to be analyzed. A greedy millionaire rancher finds out about it and sets out to steal it.
18549958	Mary was a lonely and poor child, from a family of poor farm workers in Portland, Oregon. She was always in trouble with juvenile authorities partly because she hated to go to school. After a number of breaks from juvenile authorities, Mary's good luck ran out. She and another troubled male teen got caught while they were joy-riding with a stolen car that they crashed. That was enough for the Judge who had no choice but to incarcerate Mary. A social worker took an interest in Mary and realized that she struggled with dyslexia. She then helped Mary excel in studies. Mary gained confidence and began to fight back against her impediment, eventually going to college.
12978934	Beth Cappadora  and her husband Pat  experience a parent's worst fear when their son Ben vanishes in a crowded hotel lobby during Beth's high school reunion. The ensuing frantic search is unsuccessful, and Beth goes through a sustained nervous breakdown. Unable to cope with her devastation, Beth unintentionally neglects her other children, Vincent ([[Jonathan Jackson  and Kerry . After nine years, the family has seemingly accepted that Ben has gone forever, when a familiar-looking boy  turns up at their house, introduces himself as Sam and offers to mow their lawn. Beth is convinced that Sam is actually her son, and begins an investigation that culminates in the discovery that Ben was kidnapped at the ill-fated high school reunion years ago, by a mentally unstable woman who was a high school classmate of Beth's.
8471210	In 1942, a 10 year old boy named Timmy plays with a jigsaw puzzle of a nude woman when his mother walks in. She chastises him for it. The mother orders Timmy to get a plastic bag because "I'm gonna burn everything." Timmy gruesomely murders her with an axe instead of getting the plastic bag. The police later arrive at the house and Timmy is finishing the puzzle.
1925869	Set in the Northwestern United States in 1875, the film focuses on taciturn widower Matt Calder , who recently has been released from prison after serving time for killing a man while defending another one. He arrives in a tent city in search of his ten-year-old son Mark , who was left in the care of dance hall singer Kay  during his absence. Matt promises Mark, a virtual stranger to him, the two will enjoy a life of hunting, fishing and farming on their homestead. Kay's fiancé, gambler Harry Weston , tells her they must go to Council City to file the deed on a gold mine he won in a poker game. They head downriver on their flimsy log raft, and when they encounter trouble in the rapids near the Calder farm, Matt and Mark rescue them.
10799612	Like in many other Monicelli movies, the main theme of Amici miei is friendship, seen from a rather bitter point of view. It tells the story of four middle-aged friends in Florence who organize together idle pranks  in a continuous attempt to prolong childhood during their adult life.  Count Mascetti  is an impoverished noble who has no means to support his family, but does not renounce high living pleasures anyway, and has an underage mistress, Titti . Perozzi  is an easy-living journalist harassed by the unceasing disapproval of his wife and his son. Melandri  is a communal architect whose main goal is to find the ideal woman.
3150865	Porky Pig is trying to get on a plane to play golf. However, Daffy Duck, agent to the stars, complete with business card that flashes like a theater marquis, stops him , and does everything he can to convince him that his preteenager client "Sleepy LaGoon" can become a star. This annoys Porky so much, as he is trying to get on his plane. Daffy spends most of the cartoon telling Porky about what his client can do, while actually performing various schticks himself, in his usual wild and frenetic way. After trying various ways to escape, Porky locks Daffy in a huge vault and takes off in a plane only to find out that the pilot of the plane is Daffy.
20591333	A movie about the travails of Jason , a young gas station attendant and movie projectionist living in Nebraska. His encounters with various social difficulties and with Frances , a beautiful and enigmatic young woman leads to dramatic changes and decisions in his life.
28238240	Mickey and the Scorpions decide to go on a big game hunt. The kids go out into the woods, only find themselves up against real wild animals .
5414895	Director John Woo said in an interview with David Stratton that the film is only 50% factual. Woo decided to alter the story using modern feelings and his own feelings for a more worldly acceptance. According to Woo, historical accuracy was less important than how the audience felt about the battle.http://www.abc.
17124781	In the desert wilderness of 1930s Manchuria, The Bad  - a bandit and hitman - is hired to acquire a treasure map from a Japanese official traveling by train. Before he can get it however, The Weird  - a thief  - steals the map and is caught up in The Bad's derailment of the train. This involves the slaughter of the Japanese and Manchurian guards, and various civilians. The Good  - an eagle-eyed bounty hunter - appears on the scene to claim the bounty on The Bad. Meanwhile The Weird escapes, eluding his Good and Bad pursuers.
5425205	Anna Khitrova , a British-Russian midwife at a London hospital, finds a Russian-language diary on the body of Tatiana, a 14-year-old girl who dies in childbirth. She also finds a card for the Trans-Siberian restaurant, which is owned by Semyon , an old vor in the Russian Mafia. Anna thus sets out to track down the girl's family so that she can find a home for the baby girl, having meetings with Semyon who she initially regards as friendly. Anna's mother Helen  does not discourage her, but Anna's Ukrainian uncle and self-described former KGB officer, Stepan , whom Anna asks for help with the translation of the diary, urges caution. Through translation of the diary, Anna comes to learn that Semyon and his unstable son Kirill , had abused the girl, addicted her to heroin, forced her into prostitution and raped her.
28207941	Bimbo and Koko are sign painter's they have been hired to paint the lettering on the window of Betty Boop's Dancing School". Betty Boop teaches her animal friends how to dance to the tune of "Dancing to Save Your Soul", the dancing shakes the building and the building crumbles to the ground.
14330027	Paschalis  is a 30 year old agronomist, about to marry his beloved Anthoula on the island of Milos. He accidentally embarks on the boat to Sifnos, where he meets Zoi , a beautiful but strange photographer who goes to the island for her own 'purposes'. Things will become even more difficult for Paschalis when a strike of ship captains may cost him his marriage! But things change when together with Zoi he meets a couple  in Sifnos, who try to help him come together with his future wife in time for the marriage. But many unexpected situations lead to funny incidents and a lot of things are revealed about the four heroes.
4356664	Kishen  has a suspicious-minded wife, Kaajal , who thinks he is always having an affair with another woman, even though he is extremely faithful to her and wouldn't dream of betraying her in any way. Prem  has the opposite situation. He is married to Pooja , who seems to be very trusting, even though he has been having several affairs with numerous gorgeous women. There is also Kishen's friend Shekhar , who accidentally falls in love with Sanjana  and marries her. Then Bobby , a call girl, enters the story.
19174305	Tahaan  lives with his grandfather , mother Haba  and older sister Zoya  in the Kashmir valley. The family lives with the ardent hope that the boy's father, who's been missing for over three years, will return home. The death of the grandfather pushes them into financial crisis. The local moneylender and his manager  take away the family's assets including Tahaan's donkey, Birbal, in lieu of an unpaid loan. While the rest of the family seeks redemption from the crises, Tahaan is determined to bring Birbal back home.
33417831	Five men attend the same gym in Berlin. None of them seem to have anything in common, but all five have not enough confidence to meet or develop relationships with the opposite sex, and what it really means to be a man or what women expect of them. Günther Stobanski, portrayed by Christian Ulmen, fails with Internet dating, music producer Jerome Ades, portrayed by Til Schweiger, passes from a sentimental break-up story to another. Roland Feldberg, a train driver portrayed by Wotan Wilke Möhring, snubs his wife Susanne Feldberg portrayed by Nadja Uhl. The girlfriend of Philip Henrion, portrayed by Maxim Mehmet, becomes pregnant at a young age.
2408359	School is out and the teenagers head for the beach. All is well until millionaire Harvey Huntington Honeywagon III  comes around, convinced that the beachgoers are so senselessly obsessed with sex that their mentality is below that of a primate – especially Honeywagon's wunderkind pet chimp Clyde, who can surf, drive, and watusi better than anyone on the beach. With the teenagers demoralized and discredited, Honeywagon plans to turn Bikini Beach into a senior citizens retirement home. Meanwhile, foppish British rocker and drag racer Peter Royce Bentley, better known as "The Potato Bug" , has taken up residence on Bikini Beach. Annoyed by Frankie's reluctance to start their relationship towards marriage, Dee Dee becomes receptive to Potato Bug's advances.
1838882	The evil Lord Conqueror, head of Conqueror's Clan, is given a prophecy by Mud Buddha. It is said that if Conqueror finds two young children by the name of Wind and Cloud he will have good fortune. Mud Buddha tells Conqueror to look for him 10 years later so that he can tell the rest of Conqueror's fortune. Conqueror issues an order that every boy with a birth chart matching Wind's or Cloud's must become a disciple of the Conqueror's Clan. Both Wind and Cloud are found, and Lord Conqueror's servants murder their respective parents.
25755313	The sequel to the TV movie entitled The Incident, a small-town lawyer, Harmon Cobb, and his family move to Baltimore where he becomes the law partner of his old adversary, where he goes against the State of Maryland, suing on behalf of an institutionalized mental patient for release.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=456508
10016997	A farmer is busy with hoeing while his son Porky is ploughing the fields with his horse Dobbin. Hank Horsefly speeds up the process. The farmer and Porky are about to take a turn for the worst as Mr. Viper The Snake comes with a Mortgage form ready to evict them unless a sum of rent money is paid. Porky applies for a job as horse driving milkman with a strict condition not to break a single bottle.
8153846	Odile Deray  is the publicist for the slasher movie Red is Dead, which features a serial killer whose weapons of choice are the hammer and sickle. She is invited to the Cannes film festival, where she is faced with the unanimous opinion that the movie is extremely bad. However, Red is Dead soon attracts the public attention when its projectionist is murdered by what seems to be a copycat of the movie's killer. Ecstatic, Odile brings the movie's mentally retarded star Simon Jérémi  to the festival and hires bodyguard and self-proclaimed womanizer Serge Karamazov  to protect them. One by one, all the projectionists assigned to the movie are murdered, keeping Red is Dead in the spotlight.
24486071	The plot focuses on a famous sculptor, Gustaf Borgstrom . He hires a chorus girl, Ardell Kendall . When Donald Dillingham  marries the chorus girl, his wealthy parents disown him.
4466226	During the Great depression in 1933 in Winnipeg, Canada, an old fortune teller is predicting the future for Chester Kent , a failing Broadway producer, and his nymphomaniac amnesiac girlfriend Narcissa . The fortune teller predicts doom, but Chester laughs it off, and rides a train into Winnipeg. The baroness Helen, Lady Port-Huntley  announces a competition to find the saddest music in the world; she hopes that the competition will raise the sales of her beer, especially since Prohibition is about to end. Chester decides to enter the contest representing America. It emerges that Lady Port-Huntley, who has no legs, was once Chester's lover; and saying that "of all the people in the world, you know the least about grief", she orders him to try to make her cry by retelling how she lost her legs.
27975390	Reportedly, the film is about slum kids who are trained for a dance competition.Shaimak Davar in a director's avatar
6167400	The film is similar in some ways to Seth Michael Donsky's 1996 film Twisted made prior to Tierney's film. Like in Donsky's film, the plot of Oliver Twist is updated to the present day, and moved out of the London poor house onto the streets of Toronto. In addition, the tale is told not from Oliver's point of view, but rather that of Dodge . The prosaically beautiful Oliver  falls into the hands of down-and-out young men. Dodge takes Oliver under his wing and instructs him in the unforgiving arts of drug abuse and prostitution.
17711304	In 1917, former newspaperman William Gordon  enlists in the U.S. Army. The day before he is to leave Washington, D.C.
18392317	Betty is startled awake in her bed on a stormy night. She searches for the cause of the shock while she sings the song. Then, unexplainable phenomena start happening in the house. Mysterious Mose  appears, and sings part of the song. Bizarre cartoon creatures appear and, at first, sing and enhance Mose's "mysterious" image.
15161056	{{plot}} The film begins with a boy named Michael , a kid who has the hots for a beautiful girl named Jada , but is always rejected because Jada is stuck with a gangster, Lorenzo , and when Michael comes close to her, he is threatened with bodily harm by getting beat up by both Lorenzo and his homeboys, T-Bone  and Baby Boy . But Michael is secretly involved in black magic, and tries to bring a doll that he keeps calling Killjoy to life. But the spell does not work quickly; after he is abducted by the gangsters and brought into an abandoned area of the woods, Michael is accidentally shot and killed by Lorenzo when they were supposedly joking around with him. A year later, Jada is now going out with a guy named Jamal , who is just as nice as Michael was. Meanwhile, Lorenzo is now going out with a girl named Kahara , who is just like Jada.
21500407	{{Plot}} Husband and wife Rawdon  and Miranda  are soulmates. Their love for each other is palpable as they lie in bed treasuring their 6 month old daughter Quincey. Miranda fantasizes about the speech she plans to make when, one day in their future, she will give this tiny infant away at her wedding. Tragically, when Quincey is 3, Miranda is killed in a car accident and Rawdon is left alone, unmoored, to continue life without the love of his life. Fortunately Rawdon still has Quincey.
3459677	Raj Mittal , Veer Saxena  and Aryan Kapoor  are unhappy with their respective marriages even though they love their spouses. Their wives Bhavana , Diya  and Sonia  are busy with their everyday lives, and their husbands feel ignored by them. Bhavana constantly uses religion as an excuse to not be intimate with her husband, Diya aspires to be an actress, and Sonia is a lawyer who is obsessed with her cases. Soon the three men come across three beauties: Madhuri , Rekha  and Dimple . It is not long before they are tempted by them. Unfortunately for them Lucky Bhai  is out to make hell and expose them to their unassuming wives.
34420857	Nirmal ([[Karthik  teaches piano to Usha . Nirmal meets Janaki  many times and they fall in love with each other. When his student Usha tells him her love, Nirmal says that he is love with Janaki and they will get married soon. Melancholic, she commits suicide. Later, many people cross Nirmal's path thinking it's Babu.
18369853	Introduction: The usual chase starts for a few seconds until it stops for the  Latin names: Ultra-sonicus Ad Infinitum and Nemesis Ridiculii, plus a "bonus" name for the Road Runner's beep: Beepius-beepius. The chase then moves around mountain corners until it ends on a mountainside, with the Road Runner ducking behind a corner and leaving a cloud of dust for the coyote to run into. Wile E. rides the dust cloud all the way through the air, and finally stops to determine where he is, a question mark appearing over his head. He opens a "door" in the cloud only to see that he is in midair, and sheepishly closes the door as the cloud disperses, and then changes his question mark of surprise to an exclamation point before the inexorable pull of gravity takes effect.
529276	 On the island of Amity, sheriff Martin Brody, the hero of previous shark attacks, has died from a heart attack. His wife, Ellen Brody , thinks it was from fear of the shark. She now lives with their son Sean  and his fiancee Tiffany . Sean works as a police deputy and is sent to clear a log from a buoy a few days before Christmas. As he does so, a massive great white shark bursts out of the water, rips off his arm, and then pulls him under the surface and kills him, sinking his boat in the process.
20631892	Sagar Alias Jacky  is a gangster who is known for solving problems among big gangs. The Chief Minister's son-in-law, Manu is kidnapped and the police are unable to find a clue. Manu's wife Indu realises that the police have been influenced by her brother Hari who seems to know the kidnappers. Indu decides to call her best friend Sagar to help find her husband. Sagar calls his best henchmen from all over Kerala for the job.
24577134	Ralph Bellamy is "The Healer"  in this 1930s morally uplifting pot-boiler. Bellamy is a doctor that has come home to a warm springs to try to heal children from the unnamed crippling disease . He runs a destitute camp for these children, assisted by Evelyn  who looks upon the Doc as a great man. Mickey Rooney is Jimmy, a paraplegic kid whom the Doc promises to cure. This little triangle is interrupted by rich girl Joan who cons the good Doc into building a sanitorium for the wealthy with her father's money.
